Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Thursday, January the
29th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. Charts by Trendpider and Gamma
Flows by Men Q. We're taking a look at
the E- Mini S&P first, the futures. We
can see we've got supply sitting up
above us between 7,025 and 7,040.
The call wall is up at 7,50.
Take a look at this. The put wall,
you've got some demand here, but the put
wall, friends, look at that.
6600.
That's pretty far away. So what's the
story board there? Well,
a lot of uh seasonality events, we look
at them a lot in the futures market and
what we see are upward trends into the
end of the month here. Still upward flow
into the first couple of days of
February and then into midFebruary we
have a dip. I don't know if that'll come
exactly in midFebruary, but these have
been working. What they don't do is stay
down there. So, if you're looking for
dips to buy, great. If you're looking
for dips to get out of short positions
that you're caught in, also great.
Perfect time to do it. All right, that
being said, let's move along and see
what we've got going on here.
The
Fed candle,
which a little bit of a nothing burger,
not going to lie. sitting right here at
the 230 hour. The closing 30 minute
candle absolutely
monstrous. Look at the buying that
occurred at the floor of support. This
line at 6975.
We're going to create a new line there.
It's already triggered. We're going to
create a new alert. That's a big deal.
We're going to call this a potential
floor for now. So if it loses that area,
we might have a little bit of trouble.
So clearly we need to be careful around
this zone between
and 6970
or so. All right. The opening 30-minut
candlestick also very wide absolutely
wide candlestick and all day into the
overnight and now we've just sat
basically inside of that candlestick. So
where are our trading levels? Okay, so
what do we see first? We see a trend
break in downward flow. We don't know if
it's going to get back down here, but
take a look at this. If I just pull this
forward, [snorts]
it's gonna almost hit that on the nose.
I find that also to be very interesting.
So, we're going to keep our eyes on this
low and see where this trend line takes
us. We are above the VWAP. We have
higher highs
and higher lows relative to this
formation, but it is forming some kind
of wedge. So, short answer, sticky bits.
That being said, the 30 minute formation
still in the flow. Very, very important.
So, what do we want to stare down? Here
is overhead supply,
inventory accumulation for 1 2 3 4
and a half hours or so, and then a
break, a failure to enter the inventory
box. And now we are moving down here.
So, where's the most likely place we
move?
My suspicion is that it's the point of
control and that's somewhere around 709.
I sure hope it does not go off while we
are telling the story
here today. If it does, the expectation
is supply sits right here at around
7,000 to 7,04.
That would be the next zone you would
attempt to see buyers. But you see all
these wicks, folks, that is very choppy
sideways trading in the past. We could
easily see it in the future if we lose
the VWAP and this 7,09
as it sits from a trend perspective.
If we change the connections that we see
here and we try to move it to the bottom
of these ranges, we can see that this
709 looks pretty good. Okay, momentum is
trending in the same direction. So, we
don't have any clear glaring things uh
in the way. All right,
so above us, we've got returns to 7,040.
The breakaway formation in my mind is
the return
to the inventory event above 7,025.
This gives us potential for price action
to return to the prior highs and into
old supply areas. All right. And that
would be all the way up at 7,038.
We know what we're looking at below.
>> [clears throat]
>> Let's take a look at the NQ now as you
know uh or you might not know but Andre
Allesian
yes always have such a hard time with
his name from Edgeful
brilliant young guy built edgeful all
kinds of things he says statistically
speaking trading
NQ means that you must consider consider
the midnight candle. Now, I used to do
this a lot for those of us that remember
maybe two years ago.
Really used to hang out here and watch
this midnight candle, but I became quite
enamored with my opening range candle
first. But here's what this candle
suggests. It suggests and this data is
from Edgeful with a high percentage
point on Wednesdays.
Yeah, Wednesday is the day to watch. And
so let's see. Yesterday was Wednesday.
Let's look at the midnight candle. Boom.
Here it is.
This says, this statistic says that if
we breach that midnight candle on a
Wednesday, chances that we retest the
midnight candle are well over 70%.
No matter which way we breach it, if we
breach it to the downside,
we test the candlestick formation on the
upside. If we breach it to the upside,
we test the candlestick to we test it on
the downside. Bananas, but statistically
over 70%. Madness. So, Thursday, not as
high, but we we'll keep our eye on it. I
think, you know, check this out. This is
our 30-inut opening candlestick. Look at
how different the NQ looks to the ES.
The ES is near the top and the it's
broken away from its 30-minute candle
coming back down to retrace. The NQ
doesn't even break the 30-minute candle
to the upside. Breaks it to the
downside. And now here's our midnight
candle. What are we looking for? Well,
we've tested this one, this alert line
several times, 26,150.
Let's do it again. Should we change this
number a little bit?
No, [clears throat] we're going to leave
this. We're going to leave it here for
this reason. If we break it, we know
it's the level to recover. So, 26,150
return into this area. We know we've got
an updraft into the supply zone, which
is sitting well above us. Value area
high, 26,300.
Value area low 25,900.
Call wall 26,500.
Zero DTE put wall at 25,650.
And the big put wall remains at 25,000.
Still a fair bit of hedging going on
here. A fair bit of hedging. Okay, so
now what do we have?
Hang on two sec.
Okay. Uh so now what are we looking at?
Well,
if we lose
the uh point of control
right here at about 26,000 or so,
this is going to be a fade.
However, remember if and then that's
what we're going to have to watch. We
got to watch it come down, lose the
edge, attempt to recapture the edge, and
fail. That's how we know we've got
ourselves a good trade. Okay, so this is
what we're staring down.
Downward flow. Momentum is a little bit
more negative. We're under the VWAP.
New inventory event. So, they're going
to try and lift above this 26,150.
If we can get back
into that 26,250,
we'll be in pretty good shape.
Let me remove this. This is noisy.
Okay. uh
candle for
FOMC
and then the massive candle into the end
of the day. Man, the last 30 minutes of
yesterday were absolutely wild. That is
absolute crazy. Okay, so that's what
we're looking at at the NQ. Let's check
out Micro Bitcoin. Now, this one's been
running.
Okay, glad to see this fade because if
this actually does not fade, I have a
huge thesis building in the back of my
head that's going to be completely
broken and I am going to have to get
back to the drawing board. So, as it
sits, still believe 90,000 top of the
range. What do we do? Everybody's super
excited. We get past 90,000 and we have
a double top. Notice technical
divergence
momentum fades on the second test high.
That is a critical mass that tells you
we've got a resistance point ahead. The
flat VWAP is a very big help. And what
that tells you is, okay, my momentum is
down. My VWAP is not carrying any
strength. So, I'm going to return to
that VWAP and potentially I'm gonna get
right back into the box. And so this is
the box of inventory. It's between
89,500
and 88,800.
That's the box. Now, we've lost it. And
so, let's clone it to see. Whoopsie.
Let's clone it to see how well we do
here.
The box is actually telling me that it's
a little bigger. But here's what we are
looking at. What we want to recover
is 88,000.
That's what we want to recover. If
you're a buyer, you can try the
bottoming formation. Notice if it breaks
and it bounces,
then
you can take the trade. If it breaks and
it bounces but can't hold then you can
take the trade downside here. The bounce
holds you get involved here and your
stop becomes the bottom of the range.
Same sort of thing happening here. You
can easily buy that bottom event if
you're so inclined. The loss of 87,000
will very likely bring more sellers into
the market.
Okay. So above us, 90,000 below us,
87,000 in the middle. Watch that VWAP
and look for divergence. So this one
slightly positively divergent, but we've
got slope on that VWAP. So upward trend
here has a pretty good resistance area
near 88,400.
Might be a might be a fair area to
consider a short.
Just watch your risk because we've got
supply that goes up another $300 or so.
Okay, let's take a look at oil.
Finally, this is the break. Gosh, I've
been out of pocket just terribly. So, as
you know, if you've been listening to me
for any period of time, I have said,
"Look out, folks. Oil's going to start
to run." And indeed, it is. Now, why do
I think it's running? Well, I think it's
running for geopolitical reasons. But
here we are today. Daily chart,
daily max, as well as the coall. This is
the first line in the sand that's really
up here. Lot of people are going to be
waiting to short it. Remember, the
forward contracts are still in
backwardation, meaning they're cheaper.
And so we're going to see a lot of
rotation if it breaks to the north and
it could squeeze. So what's the
storyboard? Well, first thing is they're
going to try and short it here. They
could win and it could move down.
Secondly, they're going to try and take
it long, but the shorts will try first
and then they will turn around and move
forward. So it's if and then. Okay. And
that's when you go you go when it
recovers. If you want to take the short
and it breaches
the 66 area, it could run hot for a
dollar up over 65. If it breaches 66 and
you're short, you're going to have to
get out. That that would be really bad.
So, I would say watch this on a very
tight cycle. Very very tight cycle. See
what happens up here. If it begins to
break down on that 30 minute formation,
kind of like how it looks right now.
Here's the fly in the ointment there.
You see this upward flow? See how much
how much time we're sitting here?
If this breaks,
but it's had all of this time. The first
pass is going to try to be another long
and it's going to shoot past you. If
you're thinking about a short
trend is telling you any kind of dip
they're going to buy because this upward
motion has got to force the traders to
move their contracts around. Where does
selling potentially
get a foothold below 64?
But all dips are buys here.
They are.
We are
We are heading
straight
straight for something super
interesting. All right, let's take a
look at gold. Not looking at silver
today, folks. A lot of crazy stuff going
on. So, here we are taking all right,
I'll do it. I heard you. What?
Let's take a look at gold. Still
trending up. Looks great. Martin
Armstrong now has an extended level of
7,800 to 10,000
for the price of gold, which is pretty
flatout bananas. But hey, listen, it's
been running like the wind. Call Wall
5500. Where are we? uh 5560
inventory accumulation
the entire overnight
the entire overnight. So the break folks
is going to matter the entire night
we've sat here. So what do we want to
look at? Remember metals break out or
break down in the same way. They will
break the ledge, break support, break
resistance and then immediately start
moving in the opposite direction.
If they are in continuation,
they'll pull back to a higher low and
then the breakout again. So the trade
would be, hey, if it breaks higher,
watch it pull back and then when it
recovers for old resistance, you buy it
again. always looking to the left and
you can see the 30 minute high of the
opening candlestick is firm resistance
and that is 5628.
All right. So be careful just buying the
breakout or selling the breakdown.
Collapse into tight time frames. Watch
the traders lose the ledge or recapture
the ledge and then you go. All right.
Value area high 5590.
Value area low 5500. 5500 is the line in
the sand for sure.
Let's see if we can trigger this three
times.
All right, there we go. And that's what
we're staring down. Upward flows. Let's
take a look at
silver.
Silver continues to rally the call wall
at $120,
the put wall at $15.
We had a breakthrough that triggered
into the end of the day yesterday, 30
minute candlestick formation.
Let's put let's remove this ray and
let's bring this line.
Let's make a better line.
Here we go. $11644.
That's going to be the line to watch.
Now, everybody thought, "Oh, here it is.
Gold's uh silver's crashing."
That's not how these things work when
they are like that. Just this rotation
is crazy. This rotation is absolutely
bananas. Let's remove the alert here at
112 and then create a new alert
[cough and clears throat]
heavens.
If 116.44
44 does not hold. Value area should take
over or easily could take over. We spent
three years in there. But again, a lot
like gold in that most of the time we've
been collecting inventory in that first
30 minute candlestick formation. So the
break is going to matter. Notice
particularly see this breakout. If you
had chased it, the dome was incredibly
thin, but if you had chased it, you
better get out at that call wall because
just like these metals do, they will
break a ledge and then completely
collapse and try to find the next area
of support, which was the low of the
30-minute candlestick. All right, so
something's getting ready to happen
here. It is testing the outside of this
ledge again.
pullback,
probably a buy zone, but we do have a
little bit of flattening momentum. It
looks very sideways.
I would look for deeper dips to buy and
then maybe watch it hold over the top.
The range is about $3 wide. So, you're
looking at 1223
at the breakout over 119.
Okay, let's go to SPY.
So essentially
this is very interesting. Um essentially
this chart is still sideways.
We had the support trigger from a couple
of days ago and
I believe I set the the trigger here and
we got it yesterday when I was at the
doctor traveling. So that
is still the number to watch
and that number is 694
trend.
I mean we have a little topping
formation a little bit of supply over
697.
The breach of that area will give us an
if then
which will be very important.
And that's really what we want to look
for for the breakaway formation. The
breakdown below 694, the breakaway above
697. Realizing that the momentum is
flat, trend is flat. And so big bounces
up should bring us back into
the congestion zone. And here, look at
all of this demand.
We had a big P-shaped uh Bshaped profile
yesterday. And that is buying at the
support zones. So, going to be very very
interesting today to see if they can
hold it. Obviously, somebody's reporting
right now. That's why it's so noisy. But
that's it folks. Take it easy. Be alert.
Trade small or not at all. I'll see you
on the streams.